Share a childhood experience with death.
If you could have a committee of 3 people (living or dead) to help you make decisions, whom would you choose?
If you could cure any disease, what would it be? Why?
Talk about a time when "Breaking News" interrupted your day?
Say something about poverty.
Talk about responsibility.
What would be the most difficult news for you to accept about someone in your family?
What are you reasons for wanting to go on living?
Say something about apologizing.
Say something about excessive drinking.
Talk about your eating habits.
Share your feelings about changing jobs.
What seems to be the biggest problem in your life right now?
How do you feel about donating your organs when you die?
Say something about suicide.
How do you feel about guns?
Complete the sentence: "I wish I had someone with whom I could share..."
Share something that no one knows about you.
What have you done in the past 3months that makes you feel proud?
Tell about a time when you felt awkward.
Talk about the importance of a religious faith in your life.
Talk about a joyful time in your life.
Say something about illness and how it has affected your life.
How do you feel about sharing personal problems?
Share something you enjoy doing with your family.
Talk about a recent news story that has captured your interest.
Share your feelings about financial security.
What kind of emergency scares you the most?
Share an embarrassing childhood experience.
Tell about a depressing time in your life
Complete the sentence: "I hope..."
What is one ting you could do to improve your life?
Describe divorce in 3 words.
Talk about taking risks.
Talk about a time when you felt excluded
Talk about something beautiful you saw this week.
Tell about a mistake you have made recently.
How do you want to spend the last year of your life?
What would you do if you could be connected to the Internet for only 1 hour each week?
Say something about resentment.
Say something about information overload.
What role do love and affection play in your life?
What disturbs you about the people with whom you live?
Describe your childhood in 3 words.
What would you like to achieve with your life?
When do you fell most peaceful?
Tell about a time when you felt successful.
Complete the sentence: "The loneliest time for me is..."
Tell about the most significant person in your life.
Tell about an under standing person in your life.
Which of your senses do you value most?
When you die, how would you like to be remembered?
When do you feel most confident?
How do you feel about being bound by a schedule?
What do you think is your purpose in life?